# Group 3 - ITCS 6162 Project

## Authors
- Jagadeesh Sudhakaraiah
- Karthik Rangaraj
- Aravind Telidevara
- Katy Mitchell
- Keerthana Sridhar
- Krupa Chand

## Important Files
- The input files(car and mammogram) are present in /input files folder.
- The data file consists of data which is delimited per line. The code supports different delimiters such as comma, tab, and space.
- The names file has one name of attribute per line.
- The java code is present in src/com.uncc.kdd folder.
- Powerpoint slides are found at https://github.com/katy-mitchell/KDDGroup3Project

## Running the Application
- Running the MainApp.java program will yeild the GUI.
- Choose the data file and name(attribute) files to upload from the /input files folder by clicking the 'Select Data Set' and 'Select Attribute File' buttons respectively. Also specify an output directory path to store the output files after the execution of the program. After which, select the delimiter for the data file and Click 'Load dataset and Attributes' to read the data and name files.
- Enter the support and confidence values. These values are used as filters for both the LERS and Action Rules.
- Select the decision attribute (this is in the form of a dropdown list which is populated after the input files are read/loaded). 
- Select a stable attribute if any. Enter the initial and end values from the decision attribute.
- Click on the 'Generate Action rules' button to generate out.txt and out.md in the output directory mentioned in Step 1. These files hold information of action rules generated by the program.

## Video Demo
todo: link

## Powerpoint Slides
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1P3ncUBCTHjY9xQTOqjCnRlcjlIzFdCE5iPkIGb2Ty3I/edit?usp=sharing